I'll play the video clip in just a moment,
but it's fair to say that Elon Musk is quickly becoming one of the most famous
people on planet earth,
born in South Africa and who is now a Canadian American.
He has become a billionaire business,
magnate CEO and co-founder of several companies, including the car company,
Tesla, solar city, the boring company,
SpaceX and others. However, most people are completely unaware of the name,
Nikola Tesla. And I'll discuss details on that in just a moment.
But Nikola Tesla is perhaps the most prolific inventor of all time with hundreds
of patents around the world,
including arguably 80% of the technology that we use every single day can be
credited in some way to Nikola Tesla.
And the Tesla car company is named after Nikola Tesla as he's the one that
invented the AC induction motor, which is of course utilized in Tesla's cars.
But what Elon Musk said about Nikola Tesla,
when he was asked about him in an interview, well,
you may find it a bit interesting. So before I play that clip,
there's a few details that you need to know.
Nicola Tesla created the technology to harness the AC or alternating current,
which is used to connect and power the electrical grid throughout the modern
world. We also use DC or direct current, for example,
that is what's used to power my laptop as well as charging our cell phones in
short alternating. Current can travel significantly,
further distances than direct current. And essentially without it,
we would need power plants and practically every city. I mean,
imagine that literally thousands of more coal or nuclear power plants throughout
the world.
Now we have all heard of Thomas Edison and Edison hired Nikola Tesla to improve
the DC technology, which is how,
and when Tesla came to develop the technology to harness the alternating
current, which is far superior for supplying electricity to a city,
what you probably don't know is that Edison had promised Nikola Tesla $50,000,
which by the way, is equivalent to a couple million dollars in today's value,
but he refused to pay Tesla and an attempt to save face and increase profits by
bolstering the use of the direct current.
And he went on to start an aggressive marketing campaign to discredit Nikola
Tesla,
as well as the alternating current telling the masses that it was dangerous and
it would burn down houses and entire cities, which by the way,
Edison knew was a flat-out lie. Edison's marketing campaign included,
electrocuting dogs, horses,
and even an elephant in public in a disgusting attempt to deceive and scare the
masses, hoping that they would want DC instead,
but his attempt of course failed.
And here we are 130 years later and we are utilizing the AC current throughout
the modern world.
And yet Thomas Edison became famous the world over as we were taught that he
invented the light bulb, but we now know that that's not true at all.
Thomas Edison did not invent the light bulb. Rather.
He purchased the patent from Henry Woodward and Matthew Evans in 1880.
And then he hired a team of 50 interns to perfect the patent,
which he then stamped his name on and made a fortune incredible. Right.
And it wasn't till just a few years ago that they started teaching otherwise in
schools.
But do you want to hear something that Thomas Edison did event that almost
nobody knows the electric chair that's right.
Thomas Edison made money off a device that he created that would be used to kill
people. And guess what else? It uses the DC current. I said it before,
and I'll say it again. Thomas Edison was a liar.
He was a killer of innocent animals for profit and overall,
he was a person of incredibly low character.
Edison was not a brilliant inventor. He was a brilliant marketer.
And that's how he was essentially able to fool most of the world for more than a
hundred years into thinking that he had created the things that he will actually
have it all that aside.
Then he'd get back to Elon Musk and the video clip of the interview,
where he was asked about Nikola Tesla and Thomas Edison.
And it's about 51 seconds long. Here's the clip.
And I'll have a few really interesting points to make about it right after.
As far as role models. Um, I think,
you know, there's obviously some of the obvious role models.
I think Edison was certainly a role model. Um,
probably one of the biggest role models. Um, yeah, I read books about him.
Absolutely. Um, and, um,
and it's interesting contrast like Edison versus Tesla because interesting,
you know, the, the car companies called Tesla. Um,
and the reason it's called Tesla is because we use an AC induction motor,
which is an architecture that Tesla developed. Um,
and the guy probably deserves a little more play than he gets in current
society. Um, but on balance, I'm a bigger fan of Edison than Tesla,
um, because Edison brought his stuff to market and made those inventions
accessible to the world. Whereas Tesla did didn't really do that. Um,
so, uh, that's certainly a big one. Um.
So I have a few concerns,
but let me first say that the more I learn about Elon Musk,
the more I admire him,
we need the world needs more people to follow his footsteps.
But at the same time, the more I learn about Nikola Tesla,
the more I admire him as well, keep in mind that this interview was from 2008,
but it's literally the only example I could find where Elon Musk discusses
Nikola Tesla. Does anyone else know of another example? If so,
please leave a comment. In fact,
I saw this interview on a YouTube video and reading through the comments.
It was blatantly clear that a lot of people were very upset with the Elon Musk's
responses.
And it also is worth mentioning that Elon Musk has received a lot of criticism
in the past for not having given Nicola credit or Nikola Tesla enough credit
for Tesla's enormous success with his car company.
So basically in response to various past criticism,
Musk went ahead and donated $1 million to the Nikola Tesla museum in Belgrade.
And I think that's absolutely fantastic, huge props to Elon Musk for doing that.
But I,
and others want to hear more from Elon Musk and more recently about his opinions
of Nikola Tesla, as well as Thomas Edison. I mean,
at first I was a bit taken back by some of his responses,
but then I thought about it take the first part.
He said that Edison was his role model.
And he went on to say that he had read books on them.
This just remind ourselves that Elon Musk is brilliant, but at the same time,
he's not an inventor. He's not a rocket scientist.
He is somebody who has found a way to improve humanity's future through the use
of technology while making significant sums of money that can be used for his
desires to explore and colonize space Musk wants to go to Mars and he has
found a path to make that a possibility.
So I understand where Elon Musk is coming from in regards to Edison,
able to prop up his product and get it out there and market it with unbelievable
success. And by the way, I too had read a book on Thomas Edison. In fact,
I did a book report on him. I don't know, probably like the sixth grade.
And that book mentioned absolutely nothing about a variety of things.
First of all,
it's flat out stated that Thomas Edison had invented the light bulb,
which wasn't true.
And it didn't mention a single thing about him discrediting Nikola Tesla or the
alternating current. So is it possible that Elon Musk isn't aware of it either?
I mean, make no mistake, most of the world has no idea about these details.
And Elon Musk is spending his adult life pursuing or pursuing other interests
and passions. So, I mean,
this might be something that he had looked into decades ago and it hasn't
revisited since it is possible.
He doesn't know all the details as most people don't.
And also it's only a 51 second clip.
It's just not enough to know his true understanding of Edison or Tesla,
but I am very curious to know what Elan's opinion is of Edison having
electrocuted animals,
as well as the lying and deceiving the public involving Tesla and discrediting
him and just flat out lying to try and bolster his product.
I'd like to know his thoughts on that and not to mention electrocuting dogs and
horses and elephants. Are you joking? That's only sick.
People would do something that total sociopath. I mean,
what does that tell you about somebody? So in the next part of the interview,
Elon and acknowledges that Tesla deserves more play than he gets in current
society.
And this goes back to what I said at the beginning of this video about how most
people are completely unaware of who Nikola Tesla is.
He's literally not taught in the American public school system.
He's not required learning by the department of education.
And of course not included in the common core subjects and this to go to a
private school or have a great teacher who chooses to step outside the
curriculum is just simply not required testing. And hence,
why so many people in the United States have no idea who they are, who he is.
In fact, it's because of the car company, Tesla,
that people are starting to figure them out because they'll Google Tesla,
the car company to figure out what the name means. And they're like,
oh my goodness, there's someone named Nikola Tesla.
But it has to be mentioned that elsewhere in the world, this isn't the case.
Like for example, in Europe, particularly Eastern Europe,
I know for sure they teach Nikola Tesla in depth. So keep that in mind.
So the question becomes for that I have for Elon Musk is why do you think the
Nikola Tesla doesn't get that much attention and current society? I mean,
why is that? Why is it that he's not being taught in school?
So going back to the Elon Musk interview,
when he mentioned that Edison had brought his product to the market where Tesla
didn't really do that, now that's true. Tesla was not a successful marketer,
whereas Edison was, but Nikola Tesla was taken advantage of,
and he died poor at the age of 86 because of greedy people,
such as Thomas Edison, that took advantage of them. I mean,
we're talking about the guy that invented the electric motor. I mean,
just stop and think about how many things in your life that you use an electric
motor for. And we never really stopped to think twice about it. I mean,
this is the same guy that also invented the remote control. Think about that.
And even the radio and his inventions and his works had contributed greatly to
the inventions of robotics, lasers, x-rays computers and many other things.
And yet again, most people have no idea who he is,
do a sidewalk poll in any city in America and start asking people about Nikola
Tesla and the leaders say they have no idea who he is or they'll be like, oh,
wait, you mean the car company. Now, all this said,
this is not criticism towards Elon Musk. Not at all.
I admire Elon Musk and he is absolutely a role model. So as Nikola Tesla,
he's a role model, but in my opinion, and many others,
Thomas Edison is not a role model at all.
But most people have a deep affection for Elon Musk.
And I have watched many videos on him. And I can tell you that he is,
he's definitely one of the good guys,
but some people don't trust them because of course, space X.
They have an affiliation and Abbott huge contract with NASA and well,
some people just don't trust NASA. So they don't trust Elon Musk,
but it's worth mentioning that. I mean,
these people need to look into the people that opposed Elon Musk and space X.
I mean,
even Neil Armstrong testified in Congress to try and stop
commercial private companies from space exploration. I mean,
just think about that and look into all the people that oppose Elon Musk because
of him, he's doing what NASA has failed to do for decades.
We've never gone back to the moon. We haven't stepped foot on Mars.
And Elon Musk is essentially become this beacon of light for humanity because
he's doing these things.
I highly recommend that you research Elon Musk on your own,
especially his upbringing. If you look at the fact,
him being bullied in South Africa,
so severely that some kids threw him down a flight of stairs and send them to
the hospital.
Ultimately he overcame things that seem to hold most people down with
insecurities and lack of confidence for their entire lives.
And he has found a way to press forward. And in fact,
this reminds me of an outstanding quote,
which is the wealthiest place on the planet is the graveyard.
Because in the graveyard we will find inventions that we were never exposed to
ideas,
dreams that never became a reality hopes and aspirations that were never acted
upon. So when you look at Elon Musk, he's an unbelievably humble person.
He denies that he's a genius, which so many people suggest that he is.
And he has found a way to create opportunities for himself,
which so many people said he could not do.
He said he was going to fail at all of these things, whether it's Tesla,
the car company, space X and everything else. And here he is,
and this is just the beginning guys, but more than anything,
I would like to know more from Elon Musk on the subject of intuition,
which is by the way, something that Nikola Tesla had described in detail.
And so did Einstein, that's asking Elon Musk,
what's his opinion is on intuition and gut instinct.
And how has that helped him in his own life and his own career success? I mean,
make no mistakes.
Some of the most successful people on earth have discussed intuition in detail,
and that's just something they don't teach about in school. Anyways, guys,
I'll leave it at that, but leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are on Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla, Thomas Edison,
and hit the like button subscribe.
And I have many other videos to come on a whole wide variety of topics.
I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. Take care, everybody.